Feedback by mnot (#25)
mirjak/draft-shmoo-online-meeting: draft-ietf-shmoo-online-meeting.md

the middle of night.

The times are also seasonally adjusted to leverage differentials in Daylight
Savings Time. These time slots are as follows, in UTC, based on the Daylight
Savings Practices at the time of publication:

| Name | Times (Northern Summer) | Times (Northern Winter) |
| ---- | ----------------------- | ----------------------- |
| North America Night | 0500-1100 UTC | 0600-1200 UTC |
| Asia Night | 1300-1900 UTC | 1400-2000 UTC |
| Europe Night | 2200-0400 UTC | 2200-0400 UTC |

> If Daylight Savings Practices change, as at the time of publication it is envisioned
> in future in the multiple countries, this table has to be adjusted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Daylight Savings Practices change, which is under consideration in multiple countries
at the time of publication, this table may need adjustment.
```

The intent of rotating between these three slots is to scatter meetings
throughout the course of the global day, to maximize the ease of participants
to occasionally attend regardless of their location and what time of day is
optimal for their schedule. However, as participation is distributed globally,

> it needs to be acknowledged that restricting the scheme to three regions 

Author: ```suggestion
it needs to be acknowledged that restricting the scheme to three regions 

```

> for simplicity following roughly the idea of {{!RFC8179}} does not achieve the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
observes the intent of {{!RFC8179}} but does not achieve the
```

> goal of 2 non-late-night sessions for all partcipants equally.

Author: ```suggestion
goal of 2 non-late-night sessions for all participants equally.
```

the middle of night.

The times are also seasonally adjusted to leverage differentials in Daylight
Savings Time. These time slots are as follows, in UTC, based on the Daylight
Savings Practices at the time of publication:

| Name | Times (Northern Summer) | Times (Northern Winter) |
| ---- | ----------------------- | ----------------------- |
| North America Night | 0500-1100 UTC | 0600-1200 UTC |
| Asia Night | 1300-1900 UTC | 1400-2000 UTC |
| Europe Night | 2200-0400 UTC | 2200-0400 UTC |

If Daylight Savings Practices change, as at the time of publication it is envisioned
in future in the multiple countries, this table has to be adjusted.

The intent of rotating between these three slots is to scatter meetings
throughout the course of the global day, to maximize the ease of participants
to occasionally attend regardless of their location and what time of day is
optimal for their schedule. However, as participation is distributed globally,

> it needs to be acknowledged that restricting the scheme to three regions 

Author: ```suggestion
it needs to be acknowledged that restricting the scheme to three regions
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
